>>Breadth First Search:
--- Follows the convention of retreiving the shallow pages before traversing to the deeper    ones. 

>Pros:
1. Fetches more relevant and popular pages as in general, most of the websites store all       related pages at one level.
2. Higher throughput and less cost

>Cons: 
1. Slow during traversal of deeper pages as queue would have already become huge

>>Depth First Search
--- Follows the convention of traversing and retrieve the pages from the last depth before    moving to next breadth at any level

>Pros:
1. Ensures higher coverage as all the interrelated links are traversed until the last depth
2. Fast and relevant for a very specific query

>Cons:
1. Fetches higher number of less relevant pages for a general query as the context of keyword     changes as we go deeper
2. Low throughput and high cost


>> Comparing results of A and B for the current run:
1. A and B were able to fetch 1000 and 775 unique Urls respectively. The reason B fetched less    urls is due to url at which should have been found at pages before depth 5, might have been    found at depth 5 and since its the last depth, crawler never crawled it and missed out on      pages which were fetched by BFS crawler through those links.
2. Top 3 Urls out of 5 were same for both A and B and then the order differs. This is due to      the fact that there was no further link from 2nd page.
3. A Fetched more number of pages from depth 1 and 2 where as B fetched more number of pages      from depth 3 and 4.
4. A fetched general pages related to solar energy and different plants located across world      up the order as more number of pages were from page 1 and 2 where B fetched pages more         pages related to solar energy, how it is producted and its uses as for each page we went       deeper to get specific information about each link.
5. Although both fetched many pages same as each other, B fetched more variety of pages within    the context of energy and power where as A fetched less varied pages.
